Add prescriptions documentation (#171)
Leaf-Agriculture/docs: docs/beta_features_overview.md

title: Overview
---
<!-- the following links are referenced throughout this document -->

The beta features contains experimental features that we are working in progress but can be used by our users.
The services available in this section can be updated as we improve 

Currently, we are working in the following features:

[1]: #machines

> 

Author: Yeah! My bad and thanks for pointing that!
I'll remove that in this commit and we will review it again when we add the machine operations :rocket: 
Removed in https://github.com/Leaf-Agriculture/docs/pull/171/commits/7e1d98bc3779174a86ab3460cb79a884fd8276c3

## Machines

> This feature will fetch machine data from the providers like (JohnDeere, ClimateFieldView, CNHI) and store this data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature will fetch machine data from the providers (like John Deere, Climate FieldView, CNHI) and store this data.
```

Author: Thanks! Fixed in https://github.com/Leaf-Agriculture/docs/pull/171/commits/7e1d98bc3779174a86ab3460cb79a884fd8276c3
